
1. What are the six combinations of access modifier keywords and what do they do? 
   public: means can be used everywhere
   protected internal: means can be used within the same project and derived class of different project
   protected: means can be used within the class itself and derived class
   internal: means can be used within the same project
   private protected: means can be used within the class itself abd the derived class of the same project
   private: means can only be used within the class it self
2.What is the difference between the static, const, and readonly keywords when applied to a type member?
   Static members are used for values or methods that are shared across all instances of the type, 
   const members are used for values that never change during the program's execution. 
   Readonly members are used for values that are determined at runtime and cannot be changed once they are set.
3. What does a constructor do?
   constructor is the method that needs to be called to create an object of the class and initilize class member
4. Why is the partial keyword useful?
   is used to define a class or interface in multiple files. 
   Each part of partial type must have the same name, 
   and they will be merged into a single type at compile time. 
   It allows a large class to be divided into smaller which is more manageable and readable.
5. What is a tuple?
   tuple is an ordered sequence of elements that can be different types
6. What does the C# record keyword do?
   record keyword is an easier way to define class
7. What does overloading and overriding mean?
   overloading->allows method to have the same neme for reusability, but the number of parameter, the type of parameter
   and the order of parameter may be different to perform different functionality
   overriding-> allows the derived class to have its own implementation of the method from base class. the method name
   parameter  and return type need to be same. 
8. What is the difference between a field and a property?
   Field: is a variable that is defined within a class and is used to store data related to the class
   Property: is a way to access the data stored in field, for example get and set method
9. How do you make a method parameter optional?
   Optional parameter: we can specify a default value for the parameter. 
   if we call the method without the parameter, the parameter will be set to the default value.
10. What is an interface and how is it different from abstract class?
    interface is a contract that gives a list of methods that must be implemented by the derived class.
    interface can only have abstract method, abstract can have concrete method and abstract method.
    interface can not contain variables and constructor, abstract class can.
    by default, interface has all members as public. 
    for abstract class, the access modifier can be set like normal class
    we can implement multiple interfaces but we can only inherit one abstract class
11. What accessibility level are members of an interface?
    public
12. True/False. Polymorphism allows derived classes to provide different implementations
of the same method.
    true
13. True/False. The override keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.
    true
14. True/False. The new keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.
    true
15. True/False. Abstract methods can be used in a normal (non-abstract) class. 
    false
16.True/False. Normal (non-abstract) methods can be used in an abstract class. 
    true
17. True/False.Derived classes can override methods that were virtual in the base class. 
    true
18. True/False.Derived classes can override methods that were abstract in the base class. 
    true
19. True/False.In a derived class, you can override a method that was neither virtual non abstract in the base class.
    false
20. True/False. A class that implements an interface does not have to provide animplementation for all of the members of the interface.
    false
21. True/False. A class that implements an interface is allowed to have other members thataren’t defined in the interface.
    true
22. True/False. A class can have more than one base class.
    false
23. True/False. A class can implement more than one interface.
    true
What is meant by the terms managed resource and unmanaged resource in .NET
    a managed resource is a resource that is managed by the Common Language Runtime (CLR) 
    and is automatically allocated and deallocated by the garbage collector.
    an unmanaged resource is a resource that is not managed by the CLR, 
    and must be manually allocated and deallocated by the application. 
24. What's the purpose of Garbage Collector in .NET?
    The purpose of the Garbage Collector is to automatically manage the memory allocated to objects in application, 
    so that developers don't have to manually allocate and deallocate memory
